ShadowIRCd FAQ
--------------

Q: Why does ShadowIRCd not have remote includes?
A: Remote Includes are a possible security risk due to possible MITM attacks
   and such and do not prevent server owners making changes that you do not
   want them to so they have little point. It is recommended to use rsync or
   a git/hg cron job to pull in remote configuration files.

Q: Does ShadowIRCd support Windows?
A: No. There is no point in running IRCd on windows, aside perhaps as a quick
   testnet. If you feel like doing it anyway, the best thing to try would be 
   some form of VM. We've heard that it doesn't compile on cygwin. We also
   have no interest in supporting windows in the future. If you're looking
   to start up an IRC network, you should really look into buying a VPS or
   shell from a decent provider.

Q: I want shun, m_invisible, unreal-style m_spy, saquit, etc!
A: ShadowIRCd does not intend to ever implement such features. They have
   little to no legitimate use, amazing abuse potential, and are inferior to
   other methods. If for some reason you cannot live without such features,
   you should probably use another ircd.

Q: What services should I run with ShadowIRCd?
A: The ShadowIRCd team highly recommends Atheme IRC Services (www.atheme.net),
   which is known to support ShadowIRCd properly and is a great services
   package overall. ShadowIRCd may work with Anope 1.8.x using the charybdis 
   protocol module and 1.9.x using the ratbox protocol module, but it is not 
   recommended and it has not been tested by the ShadowIRCd developers. 

Q: I've got two servers linked and users on one are getting constant flood notices
   when trying to send to channels. HELP!!!!
A: Has your server's clock gone backwards massively recently? (probably due to it
   being incorrect). If so, you have two options. You can either wait for the real
   time to be what the incorrect time was, or you can restart the affected server.
   If that does not fix the problem, please file a bug at:
       http://jira.atheme.org/browse/SHAD
